Purpose
To foster community, support a safe and supportive environment for LGBTQ people and allies, and to raise awareness of LGBTQ related issues in the larger Olin culture.

Membership
Members are encouraged to attend weekly meetings and be subscribed to the mailing list.

Officers and Roles
President - Manages mailing list, organizes events, oversees budget, appoints other officers as appropriate

Officers - Assist with one-off functions such as flag making or organize ongoing events such as movie nights.

Transition Protocol
In April, a vote will be held to elect the new president. Any student can run and the candidate with the most votes will take the position the following school year.

Officers are selected by the president at the beginning of the school year, and are usually just those that wish to help out with OPEN activities.

Club Materials, Purchases and Space
For regular baked goods, the group requests baking materials. Popcorn and tea can be inexpensive food items as well and funding for those items may also be requested. As noted most of our budget goes towards food. This year we would like items that can be used to make flags and shirts. 
Our spaces normally tend to be in the residential buildings but may also include the library, the O, and the Great Lawn. If a space is deemed unsafe or disrupting to others, the group respects everyone’s right to move to a different location.

Events and Activities
We currently have weekly lunches and baked goods days. We aspire to host events that involve flag and tshirt making. Those events are very much centered around catering to the OPEN community, but events planned on the education of LGBT+ issues are in the works. For days associated with the LGBT+ community at the least an email is normally sent out.

Amendment Procedure
Yearly updates to the charter are to happen at the start of the school year and are to be reflected upon once a regular group is formed. Additionally, amendments can be proposed at anytime by any member, and there will be a vote at a meeting. If the majority votes for the amendment, it will be passed. 

